So the first thing that we're going to need to do is create that new activity to show particular users
feed.
So let's go ahead and go up to Android studio.
We're going to do file new and we want to do a new activity.
Select an empty activity.
And as far as a name goes maybe we could do something like user feed activity.
And with that in place we'll go ahead and hit finish there.
So let's work on the visual side of this first thing and move over to this activity.
User Frida's go ahead and give ourselves some space.
And the first thing that we want to add here is a linear layout.
So let's go to our layouts.
We want a vertical linear layout because basically the idea is we're going to have a bunch of images
in here it could only be one image but it could be a ton.
So we want to have that option.
So let's go ahead and make sure this gets pushed all the way to the edges.
Go ahead and add those constraints.
In fact I might just go ahead and zero all these out because I want that to go to the very edge there.
And that and boom that is going to fill up the entire screen.
So with that in place let's go ahead and give this a proper ID here.
Let's just maybe call it when we lay out for short.
And now that we have access to that you can then go ahead and start working with it.
So let's move over to the user feed activity and the first thing that we want to do is we want to at
least prove that we can add something to this so we're just going to add that Instagram image that we
have and then we'll worry about downloading and stuff.
But first let's get access to our linear lay out which we're just going to call in lay out say this
is equal to fine view by IDR.
Indeed.
When you lay out good once we have access to that we want to get access to an image of you.
And so you're going to go.
We want to create a new image for you so I guess I should take a moment to mention this.
This linear layout we are going to programmatically add in a bunch of image views there.
So now we are creating an image view so image view will just go ahead and call it lowercase image view
is equal to.
We want to do a new image of you just like that and we're going to pass inside of here the context so
to say get application context and that's going to be the only thing we pass in for now.
Then we have to go set up the sizing for this image view.
So we're going to say image view.
Let me spell that out.
Image view dot.
And we want to do set layout and we want to do harams sort of go all the way down to the bottom there
and then with this we want to do a new capital view group and we want to do the View group with just
parameters not the margin layout prams So just lay out programs like that and then within here we're
going to have some options so I'm just going to go make a new line one of the things that we're going
to do is capital view group dot lay out harams there it is down there.
Dot capital match parent.
So that's where we're going to say okay just go ahead to match the parent further with.
And then as far as you know the length of this thing goes so we've set the height and now we need to
settle the length.
We are going to say capital view group that lay out parameter not rap content.
So we'll go ahead and have those two things passed in.
So with that in place let's go ahead and then take this image view and add an image to it.
So we're going to take image you got set image drawable.
And with that we need to get access to our Instagram image that we have right inside of here if we go
to our drawable you can see we've got that Instagram that piano.
So what we're going to do is we need to get resources in on that we're going to say don't get drawable.
And then inside of there this is where we're going to pass Capitol are dot ID dot.
And then we want to do our Instagram oh excuse me.
Our dot drawable I'm so so used to doing our ID and with then we want to do Instagram like that so that
I'll go ahead and get what we're looking for there.
So with this in place we're then going to add that to our linear layout so we're going to say when lay
out dot add view and what we want to add is the image view that we just had from before.
Now this is all good.
This should add that Instagram to the image view image view into the linear layout but we have to have
to have to have a way to get to that.
So if we go back to our user list activity we want to make it so that when someone selects a particular
user that we can go and check that out.
So we're going to have to write a little bit of code here.
Let's get down to our on create method and that's on create the menu options.
Here we go.
So as we're going through creating the array adapter and all this different stuff.
After we get the list view this is where we should set up an on click listener.
So let's get asked access to our list view.
And on this we are going to say that set on item click Lessner.
So we need to do a new capital dafter view on click item listener.
And what we want to do is if someone taps on one of these we want to create an attempt to move over
to the next activity so we're going to make a new intent we'll call lowercase intent and this is equal
to a new capital intent.
Let's go ahead and pass in the GET application context.
And we also want to pass in capital user feed activity which is that new activity that we just made
in the same class.
All right so that says where we want to go.
Let's go ahead and put a little bit of information in here because we want to say what user it was that
was selected so we can go get the images for that user.
We're not going to be dealing with that right now but we will need it eventually so we're going to say
intent put extra.
And for the term user name we want to add whatever the user name was that was selected.
So we're going to say user names right which is that array list to get.
And we want to get at position because that's the number that they selected on the particular index.
So with all of that in place we can say start activity in and pass the intent right inside.
And now we're at a position that we can go and test.
So again we're not going to have any images show up that are actual images for a particular user but
it should show that Instagram image that logo that we have whenever we click on any of the users.
So we just want to make sure that our code for adding an image view to the linear layout all works.
So we'll go ahead and give a second here to wait for this year we go it's all finished up.
We can see the app come in here let's sign in or let's just go ahead and make a new user we'll call
this user Jane password.
ABC 1 2 3 will sign up when we do that look we have some user let's say we click on one of them boom
look we get that image just show up.
Same for you know Nick gets the exact same for every user or not download anything.
But we know that we are able to successfully get that to work so we're in a good position there.
Now the next step for us is to go and actually get the image.
So let's move back to our user feed activity.
And with this we want to start doing a query where we can go get the particular image.
So with all of this let's go ahead and move up to the top here.
We're going to create a parse query and we will be going to be queering for PARSE objects.
So we'll go ahead and put that there and we'll just give this the name of queery and say this is equal
to a new and new parts queery parse objects and we need to look for the class of image.
Right.
That was the new class we created that holds all those Pansy's.
So with that in place you want to edit this queer little bit to make it more specific so we want to
make sure that we're only finding images for the particular username so we're going to say where equal
to what we want to say wherever the user name is equal to.
And then we want to go and get whatever username it is that we are working for now in order to do this
we have to go ahead and pull out the proper username from the intent.
So we're going to go ahead and get an intent to object.
We'll just call intent equal to get intent.
And with this intent we're going to say intent that get string extra.
And we're going to pass in the name of what do we define that as user name.
So we're looking for user name and I believe we have to put a default value on there which will just
do as an empty string and go ahead and look where this is intent that gets string extra string in intent
cannot be applied to string.
Looks like maybe it just needs the one.
OK.
So we're going to put this in a new string that I'm going to call
Maybe you just straight up username set it equal their there.
Now with that in place I'm going to go ahead and pass in whatever username it is that we're currently
looking at.
So that's where we'll get that check the next thing that we need to do is say where we want how they
want these images organized so we're going to say order by and you can choose you know ascending or
descending.
I'm going to choose order by descending with a special value called created at.
Now in order to find this we'll go back to our board here so there's a couple of fields that we didn't
set up like created that updated that object id ACL but created that just says whenever this was created
so we're going to use that lowercase created and then capital at.
We're going to pass that and that'll make it so that we are showing the proper images first.
So go back to android studio.
Little put in created at.
All right with those two pieces in place we are ready to execute this query so we're going to say queery
find in background and we want to do a callback here so we're going to say new find
new capital find in me.
Queried dot.
Find in background I'm not sure why it's not let me not find first in background.
I just wanted to find find in the background.
There we go.
I was wondering what was wrong there.
They're going to get new capital find callback.
All right.
So with this in place now we're going to be able to look through stuff.
So first let's make a big if statements let's get a check first thing so the first thing is we should
have be equal to normal and we should also make sure that objects that size is greater than zero.
This will assure us there is no errors or exceptions and that we have at least one thing inside of this
list.
So with that then we can go ahead and do a for loop and inside this for loop we want to get parse objects
or say capital parse objects which will just call object and want to loop through this list of objects
with an s it's run into objects like that.
And since we have that in place we are going to now pull the image out of that.
So in order to do that we need to get a parse file object will just call File.
We're going to set this equal to and we need to get this from the object ring and say object not get
and we are going to pass in the term we want the image.
This is going to give us back a parse file write like that remember that name image.
So over here we've got to make sure that we cast this to be a parse image or parse file so we know that
that's what's coming back there.
Then the next step for us is we have to download once we have a part file we have to download the image
data from that.
So first we went and got all of the objects the image objects.
Now we're downloading the actual images from those image objects.
So we're going to say file that get data in background so amazing that parse just makes one line things
like if we were writing this out on our own.
Oh my goodness.
So much work to do.
But we want to do a new get data callback.
So it's going to call this function when it's gone and gotten everything that it needs.
So let's make sure we have the appropriate data in this statement.
Of course check make sure that is equal to nil.
And we're going to make sure that the data is OK by making sure that that is not equal to nil.
So if we have that situation that means that we have an image so then we can go ahead and create a bitmap
so we're going to say bitmap.
We'll just call this bitmap is equal to capital.
We want a bitmap factory dot decoded by and or excuse me decoded byte array.
And with this we're going to go ahead and pass in the data that we got which is a byte array.
And we're also then going to say any sort of offsets that we need know nothing the length.
Let's just go ahead and say the length of data there.
And then finally it's going to ask if we want the options.
I guess that's an optional thinks we'll go ahead leave that blank.
All right so with this bitmap then we need to do our regular code of you know go create an image view
added to the layout.
All that good stuff.
So I'm just going to go copy all this code that we have where we get the linear lay out and do all of
that and set it up except for I guess that linearly out I'm going to declare that earlier.
So we're going to pace that inside this linear lay.
We're going to add this up to the top but we need to make sure that this can be accessed anywhere so
I'm going to cut this paste it up above and say this is where we're setting.
Lay out.
So that should fix that code.
So I'll go ahead and give this a run.
Again the basic idea is we're doing a query to say hey give me all the image objects for a particular
user that has this user name once we found those.
We're going to get the parse files from them for the actual image data download that we're then going
to create an image view add this bitmap that we downloaded.
Add that to the linear layout and that should then be displayed.
So sort of a multi-step process here but let's go ahead and give it a try.
So the only person who has an image is John I believe.
So let's go ahead and look at it for John's.
We're going to tap on John and oh do we have an Instagram image.
Well I think I know why that is.
And that's because I forgot to change this code.
He's still showing the Instagram image so we're going to go ahead and delete this to wear now instead
of setting an image drawable this is where we want to set an actual bitmaps are going to say set image
bitmap and then we'll use the bitmap again.
Copy paste is great but you've got to be careful because they'll be little bits and pieces that you
forget the changes I just did.
And it leads to wacky results like this.
So go ahead and get the emulator click on John and boom.
Look at that.
His image shows up.
So that is successfully working you could say we have a finished project but there's kind of one big
glaring thing here.
There's a little well some other pieces too.
But the big one is let's say I want to log out and I want to come back in as another user.
There's no way to do that right now.
All we can do is share or look at users posts.
We'd have to delete this app off our phone and then reopen it which you know that's not an ideal user
experience.
So let's go ahead and add another menu item here that allows us to log out.
So what we're going to do is we're going to go back to our side menu here and open up or open up this
menu to edit the menu.
That's kind of funny.
We're going to add another item so I'm going to just copy and paste this and this one we're going to
call log out and it's going to have the ID of all lowercase.
Log out.
All right we can go ahead and close that up but now we are going to have to add some new code for whenever
we want to do this.
So let's go back to our user list activity and we'll go up to the function when someone selects a particular
item.
So right now we're just checking to see if it's the share ID.
Let's go ahead and do another if statement where we say else if and we'll check and see if it's equal
to the log out.
We're going to say item that get item ID and see if this is equal to our ID dot log out.
So if it is a log out what we want to do is we want to log the user out which is just getting a parse
user.
All caps dot log out as simple as that.
And you could just leave it there but we do want to go ahead and move back to the logon screen.
So we're going to say capital intent to make another variable called intent say this is equal to a new
capital intent where first we're going to get the application context and then we're going to say hey
go and move on over to the main activity.
So we'll pass that in and then we just simply want to start that activity.
So we'll go ahead and do that and pass in the intent that we had created.
So with that in place let's go ahead and run this
and we'll wait for our emulator here
while it is running.
I saw a little bit of an issue.
I mean you're going to see it here but I don't like the title that we have showing currently It says
parce start a project which is kind of tacky.
But anyways if we go ahead and hit this log button boom at that we come back to the screen.
I can go ahead and put back in.
Wow.
Who was the user that we just created was it.
Jane Jane ABC 1 2 3.
I want to do a log in with that and look at that.
We got logged in again but we can always come out but I don't like this title.
I don't like when we log out.
This says Park start a project like all these are kind of a little bit tacky here.
So what we're going to do is first move to our user list activity.
We'll go to our user list activity and we're going to want to set that title inside of the on create
So we're going to go down to our on create and we'll say just simply set title.
It's that simple and we'll just pass in the string of user feed.
And with this we'll go ahead and also set the title on that homescreen So we're going to go back to
our main activity.
And I guess we could also go a step further.
Let's see Jane you see one two three.
Sign up.
Whoops.
We want to do log in.
Thank you.
Our message you reminded me what was going on there.
We also want to do that for that particular image.
We'll update that as well.
But in the main activity let's get to it's create method.
We'll just go ahead and say here.
I should probably do this after these two lines of code will say set title and I'll just pass inside
of here insta gram Kang.
And then the last place that we want to do this is inside of our user feed activity here on this on
Create say set title.
And if you really want to get fancy we could use the user name so in fact if we go ahead and do this
intend to code my cut and paste as above.
We could say something like you know that particular user names photos so we'll say user name plus then
we'll do a string here apostrophe S..
Photos like that.
So let's go ahead and run this.
This is just going to have that little bit of polish that I always recommend that we add to our apps.
So wait for our emulator friend here to load up.
And here it comes.
Here it comes.
So you can see if we click on John like that's now says John's photos that's pretty cool.
We can hit back this as user feed and if we log out it says Instagram.
So congratulations on creating this Instagram app.
This was a really full fledged app.
We're really focused some of our other sections you know we kind of learned a bunch of concepts and
made different apps as we went along but this time we focused all in on this one particular app and
that's sort of the same method that we're going to follow.
Going forward we still will have some variety when it comes to different sections but I hope you enjoyed
putting a little more time and effort into one particular app and making this awesome multi activity
app that we have here.
So great work.
We got more to cover so let's keep movin.